README.md, before:

<!--
*    ___  _______   ___  __  _______
*   / _ \/ __/ _ | / _ \/  |/  / __/
*  / , _/ _// __ |/ // / /|_/ / _/
* /_/|_/___/_/ |_/____/_/  /_/___v1.0.2
* @kyonax_on_tech
*
* Read-and-Learn about me and my code, all my world
* translated into digital algorithms.
*
* Last Updated: Dec 16, 2025
*
* Cristian D. Moreno - Kyonax
* kyonax.corp@gmail.com
-->

### Hello There,
My name is **Cristian D. Moreno,** aka **Kyonax<sup>京</sup>**, Senior Full-Stack Web Developer at [Agile Engine](https://agileengine.com), working with the [@MadisonReed](https://github.com/MadisonReed) e-commerce team using `Vue3`, Founder & Lead Full-Stack Engineer of [@ZerønetLabs](https://github.com/zeronet-labs). and Founder Member of [@CyberCodeSyndicate](https://github.com/ccs-devhub) I build high-perf frontend experiences and scalable microservices. Creator of reusable UI libs, npm packages, Free Software, Open Source Software, and AI automation. Cyberpunk and Sci-Fi enthusiast. **(es/en)**

``` r
       ███                           Contact Me - kyonax.corp@gmail.com
██████ ███ ██████  ████         ████ -------------------------
██████ ███ ██████  ███████      ████ Name: Cristian D. Moreno
████   ███   ████  █████████    ████ Nickname: Kyonax 京
████         ████  ████  ███████████ Working as: Senior Full-Stack Web Developer
█████████████████  ████     ████████ XP: 8 Years of Experience
█████████████████  ████        █████
                                     デベロッパー
arch in ~
   ø :: ~/.config/brain/kyo-data.sh »
    'Languages & Technologies'  33 Items  [########################] 100% loaded

       Skills and Tools:
         | HTML/CSS | SASS     | Tailwind     | Typescript   | Next.js | React.js | Express.js | Node.js   |
         | Symfony  | Shopware | Docker       | Vue.js       | MySQL   | MongoDB  | Grunt.js   | Gulp.js   |
         | Git      | CI/CD    | AWS Cloud    | Azure Devops | Hotjar  | Linux    | GA4        | Wordpress |
         | Jest     | SSR/SSG  | Unit Testing |

       Programming Languages:
         | Javascript | PHP | Python | Rust | Bash Scripting | Powershell Scripting |

    'Important Data'  6 Items  [########################] 100% loaded

       Location: Villavicencio, Colombia (GMT-5)
       Spoken Languages: English (Fluent) | Spanish (Native)

       Links:
         | Linkedin         | linkedin.com/in/kyonax |
         | Personal Website | kyonax.github.io       |
```
[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCrNDk3dbrDQL9CWd1_fjyvA?style=social)](https://youtube.com/mouredevapps?sub_confirmation=1)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kyonax_on_tech?style=social)](https://twitter.com/kyonax_on_tech)
![GitHub Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/kyonax?style=social)
![GitHub Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kyonax?style=social)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F%20free%2Fopen%20software-FFE900)

#### My Work
I enjoy building useful software that saves me time, and I also create tools that can benefit others. Additionally, I am passionate about teaching and helping people make amazing things.

- [org2html](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@kyonax/org2html) - npm package that helps convert `.org` files into fully-rendered HTML templates or web-framework components. _(Currently supports Vue 3 components and static HTML output.)_
- [webcam2ascii](https://github.com/Kyonax/webcam-to-ascii) - A Rust application using wgpu to capture webcam input and render it in a refined ASCII-style shader.

I use emacs btw.
#

<div align="center">
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github.com/Kyonax/Kyonax/blob/master/src/professional_photo.png" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Kyonax&theme=great-gatsby" alt="Kyonax's GitHub stats"/>
    </td>
    <td>
      デ<br>ベ<br>ロ<br>ッ<br>パ<br>ー
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
</div>

<!-- <p align="center"> -->
<!--   <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/kyonax_on"><img src="https://img.shields.io/reddit/user-karma/combined/kyonax_on?style=social&logo=reddit&logoColor=%23FFD400"/><a/> -->
<!--   <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Kyonax?style=social&logo=github&logoColor=%23FFD400"/> -->
<!--   <a href="https://twitter.com/kyonax_on_tech"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fkyonax_on_tech&style=social&logoColor=%23FFD400&label=Twitter"/><a/> -->
<!--   <a href="https://www.instagram.com/kyonax_on_tech/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fkyonax_on_tech&style=social&logo=instagram&logoColor=%23FFD400&label=Instagram"/><a/> -->
<!--   <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyonax/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Flinkedin.com%2Fin%2Fkyonax%2F&style=social&logo=linkedin&logoColor=%23FFD400&label=Linkedin"/><a/> -->
<!-- <p/> -->

<div/>

<p align="center">
<samp>
  <a><strong>京</strong></a>
  <br>
  <br>
  <sup>
    <b>
    <a href="https://ko-fi.com/kyonax_on_tech">❤️ Ko-Fi</a> |
    <a href="https://www.patreon.com/c/kyonax_on_tech">Patreon</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/Kyonax">Github Sponsor</a>
    </b>
    <br>
    <b>💵 USDC/SOL: <i>5bCMVkSiaBXnG9zgEA5y2ER867iD38f8FQVQXLK1wMjn</i> (Solana)
    <br>
    <b>💶 ETC:</b> <i>0x91d4a0BA409BA4c653698F8561672529C3d6eA91</i> (Ethereum)
    <br>
    <b>💴 BTC:</b> <i>bc1qjrysm7des6vxd5gef62k6np37uxs5makfc5j9j</i> (Bitcoin)
    <br>
  </sup>
</samp>
</p>
<table/>

Commit message:

docs: Add featured articles section to README
Modified-by: Cristian D. Moreno - Kyonax <kyonax.corp@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<!--
*    ___  _______   ___  __  _______
*   / _ \/ __/ _ | / _ \/  |/  / __/
*  / , _/ _// __ |/ // / /|_/ / _/
* /_/|_/___/_/ |_/____/_/  /_/___v1.0.2
* @kyonax_on_tech
*
* Read-and-Learn about me and my code, all my world
* translated into digital algorithms.
*
* Last Updated: Dec 16, 2025
*
* Cristian D. Moreno - Kyonax
* kyonax.corp@gmail.com
-->

### Hello There,
My name is **Cristian D. Moreno,** aka **Kyonax<sup>京</sup>**, Senior Full-Stack Web Developer at [Agile Engine](https://agileengine.com), working with the [@MadisonReed](https://github.com/MadisonReed) e-commerce team using `Vue3`, Founder & Lead Full-Stack Engineer of [@ZerønetLabs](https://github.com/zeronet-labs). and Founder Member of [@CyberCodeSyndicate](https://github.com/ccs-devhub) I build high-perf frontend experiences and scalable microservices. Creator of reusable UI libs, npm packages, Free Software, Open Source Software, and AI automation. Cyberpunk and Sci-Fi enthusiast. **(es/en)**

``` r
       ███                           Contact Me - kyonax.corp@gmail.com
██████ ███ ██████  ████         ████ -------------------------
██████ ███ ██████  ███████      ████ Name: Cristian D. Moreno
████   ███   ████  █████████    ████ Nickname: Kyonax 京
████         ████  ████  ███████████ Working as: Senior Full-Stack Web Developer
█████████████████  ████     ████████ XP: 8 Years of Experience
█████████████████  ████        █████
                                     デベロッパー
arch in ~
   ø :: ~/.config/brain/kyo-data.sh »
    'Languages & Technologies'  33 Items  [########################] 100% loaded

       Skills and Tools:
         | HTML/CSS | SASS     | Tailwind     | Typescript   | Next.js | React.js | Express.js | Node.js   |
         | Symfony  | Shopware | Docker       | Vue.js       | MySQL   | MongoDB  | Grunt.js   | Gulp.js   |
         | Git      | CI/CD    | AWS Cloud    | Azure Devops | Hotjar  | Linux    | GA4        | Wordpress |
         | Jest     | SSR/SSG  | Unit Testing |

       Programming Languages:
         | Javascript | PHP | Python | Rust | Bash Scripting | Powershell Scripting |

    'Important Data'  6 Items  [########################] 100% loaded

       Location: Villavicencio, Colombia (GMT-5)
       Spoken Languages: English (Fluent) | Spanish (Native)

       Links:
         | Linkedin         | linkedin.com/in/kyonax |
         | Personal Website | kyonax.github.io       |
```
[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCrNDk3dbrDQL9CWd1_fjyvA?style=social)](https://youtube.com/mouredevapps?sub_confirmation=1)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kyonax_on_tech?style=social)](https://twitter.com/kyonax_on_tech)
![GitHub Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/kyonax?style=social)
![GitHub Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kyonax?style=social)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F%20free%2Fopen%20software-FFE900)

#### My Work
I enjoy building useful software that saves me time, and I also create tools that can benefit others. Additionally, I am passionate about teaching and helping people make amazing things.

- [org2html](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@kyonax/org2html) - npm package that helps convert `.org` files into fully-rendered HTML templates or web-framework components. _(Currently supports Vue 3 components and static HTML output.)_
- [webcam2ascii](https://github.com/Kyonax/webcam-to-ascii) - A Rust application using wgpu to capture webcam input and render it in a refined ASCII-style shader.

##### Featured Articles
- [An Inclusive and Pragmatic Free Software Community](https://zenodo.org/records/17961276?token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzUxMiJ9.eyJpZCI6IjI5MDU0Yjc4LWE1YzAtNGEwOC05OWVjLWUzYzgwOGEwODM3ZCIsImRhdGEiOnt9LCJyYW5kb20iOiJhMDRhMWUyYmM1YjAzMmJhMDdhYjgzMTYxNWIyNWE5ZCJ9.0ODUTx_oRc7tXHU9z4Ki-tNPaYsjYAf1YG11fPyUOuNKoPYs4azmTkPymHsKmscelN6nhYHyO2LVa2_bMvziGA) -  Community proposal and article advocating Free Software principles, open collaboration, and ethical development for Cyber Code Syndicate (CCS).
  - [English Version](https://github.com/Kyonax/ccs-article-2025-12-16-inclusive-pragmatic-free-software-community/blob/main/2025-12-16-an-inclusive-pragmatic-free-software-community.en.pdf)
  - [Versión en Español](https://github.com/Kyonax/ccs-article-2025-12-16-inclusive-pragmatic-free-software-community/blob/main/2025-12-16-an-inclusive-pragmatic-free-software-community.en.pdf)

I use emacs btw.
#

<div align="center">
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github.com/Kyonax/Kyonax/blob/master/src/professional_photo.png" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Kyonax&theme=great-gatsby" alt="Kyonax's GitHub stats"/>
    </td>
    <td>
      デ<br>ベ<br>ロ<br>ッ<br>パ<br>ー
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
</div>

<!-- <p align="center"> -->
<!--   <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/kyonax_on"><img src="https://img.shields.io/reddit/user-karma/combined/kyonax_on?style=social&logo=reddit&logoColor=%23FFD400"/><a/> -->
<!--   <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Kyonax?style=social&logo=github&logoColor=%23FFD400"/> -->
<!--   <a href="https://twitter.com/kyonax_on_tech"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fkyonax_on_tech&style=social&logoColor=%23FFD400&label=Twitter"/><a/> -->
<!--   <a href="https://www.instagram.com/kyonax_on_tech/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fkyonax_on_tech&style=social&logo=instagram&logoColor=%23FFD400&label=Instagram"/><a/> -->
<!--   <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyonax/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Flinkedin.com%2Fin%2Fkyonax%2F&style=social&logo=linkedin&logoColor=%23FFD400&label=Linkedin"/><a/> -->
<!-- <p/> -->

<div/>

<p align="center">
<samp>
  <a><strong>京</strong></a>
  <br>
  <br>
  <sup>
    <b>
    <a href="https://ko-fi.com/kyonax_on_tech">❤️ Ko-Fi</a> |
    <a href="https://www.patreon.com/c/kyonax_on_tech">Patreon</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/Kyonax">Github Sponsor</a>
    </b>
    <br>
    <b>💵 USDC/SOL: <i>5bCMVkSiaBXnG9zgEA5y2ER867iD38f8FQVQXLK1wMjn</i> (Solana)
    <br>
    <b>💶 ETC:</b> <i>0x91d4a0BA409BA4c653698F8561672529C3d6eA91</i> (Ethereum)
    <br>
    <b>💴 BTC:</b> <i>bc1qjrysm7des6vxd5gef62k6np37uxs5makfc5j9j</i> (Bitcoin)
    <br>
  </sup>
</samp>
</p>
<table/>
